The nihlistic hellhole that is the modern world -Walker
You're a meat computer that stimulates itself until it stops running -Walker
Truly I am not in linear time in 201 -walker
That sounds like that Kanye song procedes to beep computer -Walker
Tom Holland was right about everything -Walker
you're downward spiraling marcus you gotta get yourself together -Walker
What are you? Some kind of fascist freak? -Walker
real galaxy brain move there -Walker
Some of these people have extremely low IQ, too -Walker
Are they trolling or are they really that dumb -Walker
enough talking about vehicular homicide -Walker
twinkle twinkle little star, I will hit Andrew with my car -Walker
Walmart in the middle of nowhere Idaho. Strange vibes -Walker
I had like 10,000 images in my twitter folder. -Walker
you need to have like, killed someone in a duel ... you need to have earned it -Walker
They better be in an underground street fighting ring -Walker
I got this whole sleeve while doing my masters in public policy -Walker
NARP (non athletic regular person) -Walker
Enough talk about cancer and sports Daniel doesn't play. -Walker
I like to fight atheists -Walker
Funny thoughts on human rights over there, would be a shame if someone were to comment about it -Walker
Watched another Neil deGrasse Tyson podcast, it's like my preworkout -Walker
The best pre-workout is hate -Walker
what did you learn in college kid? My professor and I were poppin' pills. -Walker
girls who get it get it -Walker
Spite the Europeans, use periods for decimals -Walker
Jon says he likes Scala and a few others are saying that it isn't bad. I'm ready to declare absolute victory -Walker
image a 30 year old dude taking AP stats -Walker
I haven't seen a more lively group since covid -Walker
6th graders can be that big -Walker
Do the diamonds scare you? -Walker
You look like the patron saint of Blues music -walker
You look like an icon -Walker
He's living in peace free from the boop -Walker
neil degress tyson would absolutely plant a pipe bomb in my classroom -Walker
pop science triggers me huge -walker
You wanna hear a terrible story about racquetball. -Walker
why are you eating tables? -Walker
I need to bring more death threats into the classroom to make sure you are getting a quality education -Walker
I just sat there and stared at weird people -Walker
You're always typecast as nude villain -Walker
he's not dead he's killing other people -Walker
I basically know where he lives -Walker
It be more funny to call his mom's phone number -Walker
Marcus is dessert -Walker
Have I talked to you guys about blood sacrifice yet -Walker
Screw stoicism I'm out here carin' about stuff -Walker
Thank you for bringing up Satan. My real brand here -Walker
Throwing a little bit of Satanism in there -Walker
Acoustic Hands Marcus -Walker
Also involves crying which is fun -Walker
I'm sure Satan would appear during my tenure review -Walker
Who wants to feel pain? Oh Emos -Walker
we found two more students! great success! -Walker
Her body is just full of jorts -Walker
One time i went to the store and saw a fat mannequin and I didn't want that shirt -Walker
I want a buff mannequin -Walker
I don't think I have enough time to rant about this, but this is why I don't fully believe in physics -Walker
All these statistics lie deep in my heart, right next to Jesus -Walker
Your blood's like toothpaste -Walker
I think the numbers are...anyways -Walker
I love the booping so much -Walker
Someone booped me again -Walker
Andrew's a booper -Walker
We'll find out who the booper is -Walker
I don't need a skirt -Walker
English is very pythonic -Walker
You had a look on your face when it booped at me -Walker
I wear a different shirt everyday -Walker
Most people forget the mode man -Walker
I don't have Bitcoin but I have kids -Walker
Invest in kids not Bitcoin -Walker
I've been waffling all over -Walker
Peperoni tears -Walker
He hasn't eaten spaghetti in like 4 years because it has marinara -Walker
He sees the mozzarella and cries -Walker
I believe in pizza supremacy -Walker
The best heroes are all dead -Walker
I've never ranted about 9/11 before -Walker
'I'm just trying to live to be happy man.' Well you're Satanist -Walker
Lizzo is a sign of societal decline -Walker
She's a literal cannonball -Walker
She [Lizzo] should get married to Neil -Walker
The decision tree is uh... what it's about -Walker
Lactose is the most comfortable thing to eat -Walker
