I've seen a lot of hot dads -Wilson
we were unknowingly running the hottest porn site west of the Missipipi -Wilson
What is a byte? - 8 bits. What is a Nibble? - 4 bits. What is 2 bits? - 12 1/2 cents. -Wilson
There's God's Ethernet -Wilson
Its like this video was shot by Kim Jong Un -Wilson
blind squirrel finds a nut every once and a while -Wilson
Any issue with load word? Because that is one that tends to byte people -Wilson
new body -Wilson
i see these guys 5 days a week so pray for me -Wilson
It's like a microwave, we were just cooking people with a race condition -Wilson
it's like playing the game of craps no wait sorry -casting of lots -Wilson
It's like a Game of Pong, I LOVED Pong back int the day -Wilson
There's obviously a bit of Port-a-Potty ettiqute -Wilson
You as a process Sleep until the Port-a-Potty becomes unlocked -Wilson
There's a lock on the Port-a-Potty and you're not getting in until I get back and get the job done -Wilson
He's gonna make a fool of himself -Wilson
South Korea has phenomenal internet -Wilson
Shove it in my face and die -Wilson
80's is the best decade why??? BECAUSE MIPS AND ARMS WERE RELEASED! -Wilson
But uhh piano man was awesome -Wilson
we should probably do something better than f-off -Wilson
What's he doing? -Caleb 
 He's gonna make a fool of himself -Wilson
Oh sorry Geno, I'm on the board -Wilson
See, if I had my gun -Wilson
they decided they wanted to move to new zealand and learn to transport their soul through time -Wilson
You need to write code as if the person coming after you is a homicidal maniac -Wilson
You want to hit  -Wilson
riddle me this batman -wilson
I'll use a paddle, But then I'll Hug ya' after -Wilson
Thank you sir may I have another? -Wilson
You could argue im being anal -Wilson
I've beaten you down enough, I'll stop.... no I won't -Wilson
remainding -Wilson
I'll nail ya if you were inappropriate -Wilson
You guys like clouds -Wilson
I was just talking about the big clouds -Wilson
What can you do to harden as much as you can as fast as you can? -Wilson
Windows to Windows is pretty incestual -Wilson
You can do anything with a Powershell book -Wilson
You see the time, Pretty sexy I know -Wilson
So if you see, Boby has no friends -Wilson
You should have no friends -Wilson
I want to be friends with everyone but I dont want to be friends with me -Wilson
Nope no friends! -Wilson
I'll use yellow... 'cause it a canary -Wilson
I've been married 37 years. I think really the success is... she worked graveyards -Wilson
We killed ourselves, which is much better than someone else doing it -Wilson
This is a federal crime but its hilarious -Wilson
He did some things with sulfuric acid we shouldn't mention -Wilson
Hey right here, Kiss the cheek baby -Wilson
you could be nieces and nephews to me -Wilson
My father was johnny appleseed -Wilson
I'm a tiny little fuzzy animal -Wilson
This looks like arabic.. and i don't know arabic -Wilson
We have a while true. Where's Toby when you need him? -Wilson
I got my hog card -Wilson
I'm selfie disabled -Wilson
Scooby Doo, ruh roh -Wilson
HeY ScOoBy -Wilson
You wanna talk about nerds, this is a nerd weekend baby -Wilson
Okay write it all down you might need it marcus -Wilson (talking about relationship advice)
Okay for the next 5 minutes of class, im gonna give relationship advice -Wilson
I CAN count on one hand using about 3 fingers -Wilson
I'm still somewhat of a young pup -Wilson
I can stab someone with a hook -Wilson
